START| HORSE, HIKE| You are embarking on a journey to find some lost treasure marked. You have heard many tales of its supposed value, and you've been given a treasure map by a travelling merchant. The path ahead is long and dangerous, so your brother has gifted you a strong yet hot-tempered horse who you have yet to train. It's time to go. Do you a) take the horse or b) hike to the treasure?
HORSE|| The horse bucks you off when you try to mount him and you hit your head on a rock. You are killed instantly.
HIKE| UP_MOUNTAIN, AROUND| After walking for a few hours, you come across a mountain that is in the middle of your path. Do you a) climb the mountain or b) go around it?
UP_MOUNTAIN| CABLE_CAR, HIKE| You get to the top of the mountain after an arduous climb. At the top, you see a cable car ready to take you down. Do you a) take the cable car down the mountain or b) hike down the mountain?
CABLE_CAR|| As you step into the cable car, the cable snaps and sending you careening down the mountain. You die.
HIKE| KEEP_GOING, REST| You've finally reached the bottom of the mountain. It's been a long day and the sun is coming down, but you know that if you walk for only a couple more hours then you will reach the treasure. Do you a) stop and rest or b) keep on trekking?
KEEP_GOING|| The sun is down and it's pitch black outside. You've failed to notice the wolf that has been stalking you for the last ten minutes. You stop to tie your shoe and the wolf pounces. He eats you whole.
REST| SLEEP_IN, WAKE_UP| You're awakened by the light of dawn peeking through the canopy of the forest above you. Your body aches from yesterday's long journey. The treasure is only a 2 hour hike away. Do you a) take it easy and sleep for a little while more or b) get up and keep going?
SLEEP_IN|| After getting a couple more hours of sleep, you are well-rested and ready to tackle the day. The hike to the treasure goes by relatively quickly due to your high spirits. You arrive to the treasure's location, and to your horror, it has already been taken. As the saying goes, the early bird catches the worm! You are so overcome with sadness that you curl up into a ball under a large tree and you never rise again. Hundreds of years go by and the tree has absorbed you.
WAKE_UP| TAKE, GIVE| After forcing yourself to get up, you make the short yet tiring trek to the treasure. You curse yourself for not allowing your body enough time to recover from the toil of the previous day. You falter many times, yet you push forward. Finally, you make it to the treasure's location. A pot of gold coins sits below a tree. You've made it! You're rich! You pick up the pot and journey back home. Just before you reach your village, you pass by the charred remains of a school for orphaned children. It has been burned down by a dragon. You look at your pot of gold and ponder whether you should a) keep the money for yourself or b) give it away to the orphan children so that they may build a new school and lead prsoperous lives.
TAKE|| You decide that you will keep the treasure, as you were the one who worked so hard for it. You become wealthy beyond your wildest dreams and live a life of excess and glutiny. However, as time goes on, you recall the orphan children who you saw when you returned from your epic journey. Eventually the regret from not helping them takes control of you and you jump off a bridge.
GIVE|| You give away your fortune to build a new orphanage. The orphans are forever indebted to you and using the education which you have afforded them, become lawyers, mayors, and business owners. They never forget you and help you get a job, open a business, buy a home, and invest the money you make. They hold offices of high power and grant you any and all favors you could ask for. You die a wealthy and loved old man with a large family and a town named after you.
AROUND| WADE, BRIDGE| You go around the mountain and come across a shallow river with a rickety bridge. Do you a) wade through the water to the other side or b) take the bridge?
WADE| KEEP_GOING, REST| You carefully make your way across the river. The day has been long and you grow tired, however the treasure is only a couple of hours away. Do you a) stop for the night or b) keep going?
BRIDGE|| You are halfway across the bridge when a wood plank underneath you snaps in half. You fall through the bridge and into the shallow but quick-moving water. You slip becasue of the current and hit your head on a rock. You die immediately.